Gearbox
. And its websites, other applications (“we,”, “our” or “us”) believe that your privacy is really important. This Policy describes the personally identifiable information and other data that we will collect from you through the apps we provide, and how we will use and when we might display such data to third parties. Your installation and/or use of these Websites/Apps and/or submission of information to us establish your consent to this Privacy Policy and the processing of your information (personal and non-personal) as described in this policy. Please don’t use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.

Information we collect



1. Personal information

The information which identifies you personally and/or can be used to contact you online or offline, such as your full name”, “physical address”, “email address”, “telephone number”, “photograph”, precise geo-location information”, credit card information and some of apps you may require to share your username.

2.Non-Personal Information

The information which does not identifies you and cannot be used to contact you personally. It includes “your date of birth”, “age”, “ZIP code”, “your city”, “gender” as well as the information about your computer and mobile device such as unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware. It also includes “usage data” which identifies the browser you use, identity of other apps on device, process, play time, score and achievements, and URLs you visited and/or apps you used before after using our Apps.

How We Collect Information

If you sign up our services, open an account or in any other-way you require to submit information’s we may collect personal and non-personal information. If you connect you social media account or any other third-party network such as Facebook or App center, we may collect information’s like username, photographs, date of birth. If you choose to make a purchase through our Websites/Apps, we will collect your credit card information and other billing information. If you choose to send a message to another user or defined group of users through our message, chat, post or other in-app function, we may collect any Personal Information you may disclose through such means, as well as the necessary Personal Information of the user(s) you are contacting, in order to facilitate the communication (Note: we will never collect any information sent outside of the functionality of our Websites/Apps, including through emails or text messages). If you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your Personal Information, or Non-Personal Information such as a device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device. We may collect precise geolocation information provided that, prior to doing so initially, you will either be informed of this practice or be prompted to allow or block this feature. In the event you proceed with acquiring the Website/App or choose to allow this feature, you will be able to block it at any time thereafter by taking the appropriate steps in the Settings tab. Some of our Websites/Apps may read your device to determine what other apps have been installed and Non-Personal Information, such as your city and gender, may be inferred based on the identity of those apps. If you choose to submit your Personal Information to us for any other reason in any other form, we will collect such Personal Information and use it for the purposes for which you submitted it. We will not collect any Personal Information from you simply by virtue of your visiting our Website; we only collect it if you choose to submit it to us. We do, however, collect Non-Personal Information such as device IDs, IP addresses and other persistent identifiers, as well as Usage Data, whenever you use our Website/Apps. Such Non-Personal Information is not combined with Personal Information unless you choose to submit Personal Information to us

Cookies

certain third-party advertisers may also make use of cookies in their ads served within our Websites/Apps. Such cookies will collect anonymous behavioral data which those advertisers may use to serve you targeted ads both within and outside of our Websites/Apps. You can opt out of that practice by certain participating companies by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices and following the steps described therein.

Personal Information We Collect

When you use the App, we may collect information about you, including:

Images and Videos: Images you upload when using the App, whether through your camera or camera roll, the in-app internet search feature, or your social network account (if you have given us permission to use your camera or camera roll) (if you choose to connect your social media account). Even if you give us access to your photo albums, we only get the precise images that you decided to edit using the App. Every picture you post using the App is encrypted by us. Your gadget keeps the encryption key locally. This means that the user's smartphone, from which the photo was uploaded using the App, is the only device that can access the image. Please note that we not require or request any metadata to be connected to the photos you upload, it is possible that metadata (such as, for example, geotags) may already be attached to your photos. When you use the App, we take efforts to remove any metadata that might be connected to a photo you submit.
Social media informationSocial media data, if you choose to link your account on the third-party platform or network to the App in any other way or opt to log in to the App using a third-party platform or social media network (for instance, Facebook). Depending on your Facebook or other network preferences, we may gather information from that platform or network about you, including your social media alias, first and last name, the number of people you have "friended" on the platform, and a list of your friends or connections (though we do not use or store this information). The requirements these social media platforms place on us in their applicable terms and conditions govern our collection and processing of the information we get from them.
Device data, including the manufacturer, model, operating system, push tokens, Google Advertising ID, Apple ID for Advertising, screen resolution, browser type, IP address (and the associated country in which you are located), the website you visited prior to visiting our site, and other details about the device you are using to access the App.
Online activity data, such as details about how you used the App and the Sites, what you did there, which sites or screens you visited, how long you spent on each, how you navigated between them, what you did there, when you accessed them, and for how long. This type of data may also be gathered over time and across different third-party websites and mobile applications by our service providers and some third parties (such as online advertising networks and their customers). Cookies, browser web storage (sometimes referred to as locally stored objects, or "LSOs"), web beacons, and other similar technologies may be used on our site to gather this information.This data may be gathered directly by us or indirectly through the use of third-party software development kits (SDKs). Using SDKs, third parties may be able to directly acquire data from our app.
 

Disclosure of the Personal Information and Non-Personal Information That We Collect

•We will not sell, rent or transfer your Personal Information to third parties without your prior consent. •We may share non-precise geolocation information or precise geolocation information (if you choose to allow us to collect it) with advertisers to allow them to display more relevant and geographically appropriate advertisements to you. •We may share your Usage Data and Non-Personal Information, such as device IDs, advertising IDs or other persistent identifiers and non-precise geolocation information with our advertising partners. Those partners may use your Non-Personal Information to serve you tailored advertisements outside of our Websites/Apps: please note that this sharing is limited to anonymous, aggregated Non-Personal Information only and we will not share your Personal Information with advertisers without your prior consent. •Our Websites/Apps offer social sharing features such as “Share” or “Like” on Facebook or other third-party social networking sites. If you decide to use such features, it may allow the sharing and collection of Personal Information and Non-Personal Information both to and from such third-party social networks. You should visit the policies of such third parties for more information about their information collection practices. •We will not store your credit card information. In order to process credit card payments, we will use the service of a secure third-party credit card processor. •We use the services of third parties who will have limited access to your Personal Information to be used for specific purposes. These purposes may include credit card processing, prize delivery, marketing assistance, customer service, and data analysis. The third parties we contract with for these purposes will be authorized to use your Personal Information only for the purposes for which the party was engaged. In addition, Non-Personal Information and Usage Data in aggregated, anonymous form may be shared with third parties who assist us with our operations such as administration, analytics, research, optimization, and advertising. •We may disclose your Personal Information or other information collected if required by law or court order, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, to investigate and/or take action against illegal activity, suspected abuse or unauthorized use of the Websites/Apps, or to protect the property or safety of others. •In connection with any sale of our company or any line of business (including the assets relating thereto), customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets, and such customer information (including your Personal Information) will be transferred or sold to the acquirer in the event of any such sale or disposition of any or all of our business. ADVERTISING: Ads appearing on our services (Apps or Website) may be delivered to Users by advertising partners (Third party), who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your Device each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your Device. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. We are currently availing below mentioned ads services.

Privacy Policies of Linked Third Party Services and Advertisers

Ads from third parties, who are companies doing advertisements and may connect to their own websites, online services, or mobile applications, can be found on our websites and apps. Your information will be collected, used, and disclosed in accordance with their privacy policies; we are not liable for the privacy practices or the content of these third parties. Review their privacy policies and get in touch with them directly if you have any concerns about how these third parties utilize your information.

Please click on the following links to learn more about the data handling procedures of our potential and actual third-party advertising partners:

Applovin
Google Admob
UnityAds
Payment Details

Our third-party payment processor will gather the billing and financial information to process your payments if you make a purchase using our Services, such as a subscription to use in-app virtual currency or virtual goods in an app you use. Your financial information is not gathered or saved by GeniAi Apps. However, in order to complete your order, gearbox Apps payment processors may share non-financial information with us about your purchases, such as transaction information, transaction ID, the items purchased, and value.

Please be aware that purchases made with credit or currency from third parties can also be governed by their regulations.

Tracking Tools

Service providers acting on our behalf, like Google Analytics, store log files and use tracking technologies such as: Device identifiers, like the IDFA on mobile devices, and cookies on our websites, which are small data transfers to your computer or mobile device that allow us to: I recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) comprehend the web pages of the Services you have visited; (iv) improve your user experience by delivering and evaluating the effectiveness of content and advertising catered to your interests; (v) conduct searches and other operations; and (v) perform

These technologies are used by us and our service providers to gather and examine specific types of technical data, such as:

Your IP address, the type of computer or mobile device you are using, your operating system version and platform type, the identifiers on your mobile device, such as the MAC Address, Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), and/or International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), your browser type and language, the website you visited before or after using our Services, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, clicks, and time on a page, and whether or not some of Frlli Apps and other apps are installed on

If applicable, we may link this data to your gearbox Apps user ID or social network ID. Check for the policy of firebase tracking here:

Firebase Policy

 Our Policy about Children:

We take special precautions respecting users children’s. If a user chooses to register, they can input a date of birth, username and email address to set up an account. The user’s account is limited to participating in those aspects of the Services that are deemed to be appropriate for users; features of our Services that may involve the possibility of posting personal information, such as comments, are automatically disabled. Immediately upon registration, the user’s email address is turned into an encrypted format, a “one way hash”, which we can’t read and which is used to authenticate the user login process. We do not permanently store the email addresses of users in a recoverable format because we do not retain the email addresses of users in a usable form after initial registration. We have no means of initiating contact with such users by email after registration. The user name of registered users is not used as a means to contact such users. We do not collect more personal data than is necessary to respond to a question or one-off request from a user. To provide parental notice or to obtain parental consent, nor do we distribute to third-party any personal information collected from children without parental consent. Parents are invited to review their children’s information by contacting us.

Opting Out of Marketing

You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations. You may also opt-out of receiving SMS notifications from us via the settings on your device.

Consent to Public Display of Data Upon Your Acceptance

We may publicly display your data when you participate in-app related activities for the purposes of user identification. If you use Third Party Social Networks to participate in-app related activities, including but not limited to participation in leader boards, the downloading and uploading of content, GeniAi APPS and its affiliates may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding app for identify content that is created and shared by you with other players. Data that personally identifies you is collected, used, stored and transmitted in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

More

Our privacy policy may change from time to time. When we do, we will revise the “last updated” date at the bottom of the privacy statement. We will obtain your opt-in consent for any updates to this Privacy Policy that materially expand the sharing or use of your personal information in ways not disclosed in this Privacy Policy at the time of collection. Acceptance of the terms: By using our Apps, you agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy. Please do not use our Apps. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms. GeniAi APPS reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.

Contact Us

You can contact us for any kind of above mention policies details at:

gearboxeg@gmail.com
